Find the person who took the eldest lady hostage on the surveillance
It's Zhou Liangren
Zhou Liangren, I must see you
Zhou Liangren, he's just a bad gamble
How could there be money to rent a car and kidnap you?
There must be someone behind him
urgent
Find the memory in advance
Go to the whereabouts of both sides of the moment
I miss you to understand me
Who let the flock of fallen birds or the daughter fall?
I just do what he says.
Solved you
Then I will use the book in the future.
The money was wasted
You want to say something?
I think I spared Luoxue for my mother's sake
I didn't expect him to jump over the wall in a hurry
Let you come and catch me
Do you know that I am the true daughter of the Luo family?
Ye Qingmei is my biological mother
You haven't had it yet, have you?
You are the daughter of the family
Do you think I'm stupid?
Luo Xueqing and I were born in the same hospital
He has had heart problems since he was a child
My mom gave me a cough without money for treatment
My mother's suicide note is on me
Everything I say is true
You helped Luo Xueqin kill me
Will Ye Qingmei let you go easily?
even if
Ye Qingmei will not treat Luo Xueqin who has been raising it for 20 years
Do you think he will spare you?
Well, first of all, is this letter true or false?
I won't kill you now.
Do you believe me, let me go?
I might as well just take care of you
Take the money and fly away
Go to a place where no one can find me and have fun
How nice isn't it?
I knew you would lie
Do you really think I'm defenseless?